Added TS3 log folder to FAQ (#38)
saltminede/saltychat-docs: faq.md

- Enable `Expert Mode`
- Select `Extensive` for `Log Level`

> The log files can be found in your TS3 clients log folder (`%appdata%\TS3Client\logs`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a live feed of the log by pressing `CTRL` + `L` in TeamSpeak (`Tools` > `Client Log`) or find the files at `%appdata%\TS3Client\logs`.
```
